make the Benefits page readable: add Converters TOC (#369)
bids-standard/bids-website: _pages/benefits.md

## Converters

> Tools which convert data to/from BIDS : 
> * [Data converters](#data-converters)
> * [MEEG converters](#meeg-converters)
> * [from BIDS converters](#from-bids-converters)
> * [Physio converters](#physio-converters)
> * [Other converters](#other-converters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software tools to convert data to or from BIDS:

- [MRI and PET converters](#mri-and-pet-converters)
- [EEG, MEG, iEEG converters](#eeg-meg-ieeg-converters)
- ['From BIDS' converters](#from-bids-converters)
- [Physiological data converters](#physiological-data-converters)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
```

> ### Data converters
> 
> {% include converters_table.html members=site.data.converters %}
> 
> ### MEEG converters
> 
> {% include converters_table.html members=site.data.MEEG_converters %}
> 
> ### from BIDS converters
> 
> {% include converters_table.html members=site.data.from_BIDS_converters %}
> 
> ### Physio converters
> 
> {% include converters_table.html members=site.data.physio_converters %}
> 
> ### Other converters
> 
> {% include converters_table.html members=site.data.other_converters %}
> 
> # Software currently supporting BIDS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include converters_table.html members=site.data.converters %}

{% include converters_table.html members=site.data.MEEG_converters %}

{% include converters_table.html members=site.data.from_BIDS_converters %}

{% include converters_table.html members=site.data.physio_converters %}

{% include converters_table.html members=site.data.other_converters %}

# Software currently supporting BIDS:
```
